Readme Examples (#139)
social-protocols/news: README.md

    expectedUpvotes[rank, timeInterval]
        = avgUpvoteShare[rank] * sidewideUpvotes[timeInterval]

For example, during the minute starting 2023-02-07 11:08:00Z, there were a total of 9 upvotes on Hacker News. Rank 1 is expected to receive 10.2% of sitewide upvotes. So, regardless of how many upvotes the story at rank 1 actually received during that minute, the *expected* upvotes for a story at rank 1 during that minute is:

    expectedUpvotes[1, 2023-02-07 11:08]
        = avgUpvoteShare[1] * sidewideUpvotes[2023-02-07 11:08]
        = .102 * 9
        = .918

Given **a history of the story's rank over time**, we can compute its total expected upvotes:

    totalExpectedUpvotes for a story =
      sum{for each timeInterval in the history of that story} expectedUpvotes[rank of story, timeInterval]

For example, suppose the story at rank 1 also spent the following minute there, during which time interval there were an additional 5 site-wide upvotes. So far, `totalExpectedUpvotes` for the story is:

      expectedUpvotes[1, 2023-02-07 11:08] + expectedUpvotes[1, time 2023-02-07 11:09] + ...
      = .102 * 9 + .102 * 5
      = 1.428

> Computing this sum over the story's entire history on Hacker News gives the story's `totalExpectedUpvotes`. Below is a sample chart showing the actual rank history for one story, and the corresponding values of `totalExpectedUpvotes` vs actual upvotes. Note that this particular story consistently received far more upvotes than expected. You can see these charts for any story by clocking on the **`×upvoteRate`** next to the story on [Quality News](https://social-protocols-news.fly.dev/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Computing this sum over the story's entire history on Hacker News gives the story's `totalExpectedUpvotes`. Below is a sample chart showing the actual rank history for one story, and the corresponding values of `totalExpectedUpvotes` vs actual upvotes. Note that this particular story consistently received far more upvotes than expected. You can see these charts for any story by clicking on the **`×upvoteRate`** next to the story on [Quality News](https://news.social-protocols.org/). 
```
